Feat: add sap-text-arrangement-hidden ESLint rule (#4438)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools/README.md

|   Since   | Rule | Description | Recommended | Recommended for S/4HANA |
|:---------:|------|-------------|:-----------:|:-----------------------:|

> |  new      | [sap-text-arrangement-hidden](docs/rules/sap-text-arrangement-hidden.md) | Ensures that the text property referenced by `UI.TextArrangement` (via `Common.Text`) is not hidden via `UI.Hidden` | | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  new      | [sap-text-arrangement-hidden](docs/rules/sap-text-arrangement-hidden.md) | Ensures that the text property referenced by a `UI.TextArrangement` annotation using the `Common.Text` annotation is not hidden by the `UI.Hidden` annotation | | ✅ |
```

Author: Done with commit b4032fb.
